Update README.md (#14161)
DataDog/integrations-core: avi_vantage/README.md

2. [Restart the Agent][5].

> Note: This check has a limit of 2000 metrics per instance. The number of returned metrics is indicated when running the Datadog Agent [status command][6]. You can specify the metrics you are interested in by editing the configuration. If you need to monitor more metrics, contact Datadog support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This check has a limit of 2000 metrics per instance. To see the number of returned metrics, run the Datadog Agent [status command][6]. You can specify the metrics you are interested in by editing the configuration. If you need to monitor more metrics, [contact Datadog support][10].
```

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][7] and look for `avi_vantage` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][8] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

See [service_checks.json][9] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

### Events

Avi Vantage does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][10].

[1]: https://avinetworks.com/why-avi/multi-cloud-load-balancing/
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/kubernetes/integrations/
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
[4]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/avi_vantage/datadog_checks/avi_vantage/data/conf.yaml.example
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent
[6]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/?tab=agentv6v7#agent-status-and-information

> [7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information

Reviewer 2: Small nit, but it looks like [6] and [7] go to the same link.

Author: Didn't realize that! I removed the extra and modified the links as well
